Hey perfume
Did you hear?
The Zhou Group revoked the position of Zhou Yanjing's heir
Tell me the truth, is it because of you?
You kidnapped Zhou's heir
Don't implicate the TV station
Thank you director
He is fine and I am
Will continue to work hard
Be merciful
Get rid of the sense of nature
link
Thank you
Isn't this President Zhou Yan Jinzhou?
How did you become a deliveryman?
Introduce
This is my boyfriend Zhou Yanjin. Hello
If you want to order takeout in the future, you can contact me directly
You gave Xu Shi a diamond necklace and pulled resources for him before
Let him blow 52's brother now you're a delivery man
How can I support him?
Xu Shixiang's programs are all sponsored by Ship King Di Sun Zhao Lian'an
If you let him know you're with a delivery man
He will be unhappy
We're all going to be out of luck when the sponsorship is withdrawn
Xu Shizhao, you can clearly see the form clearly
The relationship between me and Zhou Yanjing is not the kind of relationship you said
We are in a serious relationship
It's not the maintenance relationship you mentioned. Shut your mouth to me.
Okay, don't be mad, let's go.